Let's duel, Varis!
And when I win,
I'm gonna send you
right where you belong,
straight to jail!
Cuz you deserve to be
in an orange jumpsuit,
not that white sweat suit!
Sorry, but orange
isn't my color.
(Pigeon)
I can't hear what
they're sayin', boss,
but I'm pretty good
at reading lips.
And they must be makin'
dinner reservations
cuz they said
they're about to drool.
(grunts)
Well, read my lips.
(crows)
Get your camera
prepped and rollin'
and get the exclusive!
You gonna try
to stop this, Playmaker?
No, Ai,
because it's clear to me
that they have unresolved issues
that exist between them.
And this is something
they must resolve on their own
if we're ever to work
together in the future.
Well, I'm not holdin' my breath
cuz they got more issues
than a magazine.
Ready?
(both)
Let's duel!
(electronic whirring)
Ready?
(both)
Let's duel!
I'll go first!
I summon SALAMANGREAT WOLVIE
in attack mode!
(computer chirping)
And next,
I activate
my spell FURY OF FIRE!
It lets me summon two
SALAMANGREAT monsters
from my hand!
Soar, SALAMANGREAT PARRO!
(computer chirping)
And SALAMANGREAT FALCO!
And I'll use 'em...
to Link Summon!
Link 3 SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
(computer chirping)
Then I'll place this facedown
and end my turn.
He summoned
HEATLEO on his first turn?
Soulburner means business.
Soulburner, listen.
Like you, I'm no fan of Varis.
I haven't forgotten
that his goal is to destroy
every single AI,
including myself.
And I do quite enjoy
being alive.
But--
But what?
Let's crush this guy...
so that we don't have to see
his smug smirk again!
What's the problem
with that plan, Flame?
The problem is,
if he has a plan to help us,
the least we can do is listen.
Well, right now,
I don't feel like listening!
Yes, clearly.
But not just to Varis,
but to me as well.
It's my turn.
I draw.
So what cards do you think
Varis is gonna play?
That's the question, isn't it?
Because every time he shows up,
he has a new tweak
to his strategy.
Well, c'mon get on with it!
Make your move!
I'm ending my turn.
What?
Well, that's a new tweak.
What's he doing?
Nothing from the looks of it.
It seems like Varis is...
trying to lose.
But I don't sense
any deception from Varis.
What's with that? You serious?
C'mon. It's your turn.
Make your move.
I don't have all day.
Am I a joke to you?
(screaming)
Fine then!
I draw!
And I summon
SALAMANGREAT JACK JAGUAR!
(computer chirping)
Those two monsters have
enough attack points
to wipe out
all of Varis's life points!
All right!
You might not be taking
this duel seriously but I am!
HEATLEO...
attack his life points directly!
(roaring)
(timer beeping)
Varis can't do a thing.
One last attack and this duel
is over for him.
'Kay.
I'll attack and--
(groans)
(screaming)
Hold up? Why didn't he attack?
(Playmaker)
Because it wouldn't
have helped.
Huh?
What do you mean?
Soulburner, are you ok?
I couldn't do it.
Even if I won the duel this way,
what-- what would it actually
get me in the end?
You'd get a W
on your record.
But is that so important?
No, I guess.
Need a hand, getting up?
I don't need anything
from you, Varis!
But Flame's right,
if you're willing to help,
I can't sabotage it
for everyone.
But are we really
supposed to trust you?
We don't even know who you are!
My name is Roken Kogami.
I'm sure you're familiar
with my father,
Dr. Kogami.
(both)
What?
He blurts out his biggest secret
just like that?
Huh, good thing
he doesn't know mine,
or does he?
(Pigeon)
I think they're already
done duelin'.
I didn't even have enough time
to set up my camera,
so I didn't get anythin'
recorded, boss.
Set up?
It's already on your head!
So...
let me get this straight...
your Dad started
the Lost Incident?
Yes, that's correct.
But Varis is the one responsible
for ending the Lost Incident.
(gasps)
(Playmaker)
Varis was a child back then,
just like us.
But he knew his father's
experiments were wrong,
so he alerted the authorities.
You can kinda say that...
he saved you.
Not a chance.
We both know Varis has made
many mistakes in his life,
but this wasn't one of them.
So what!
I'm just supposed
to forgive him?
No, just be mad at him
about the right stuff.
Listen, Soulburner,
I'm not going to ask
for your forgiveness
because, frankly, I've done
absolutely nothing wrong.
But this isn't the time
to argue that point
because what we need to do
is work together
to defeat the Light Ignis.
And after that task is done,
we'll make time
to settle our differences.
Fine then.
(Varis)
Now, if you'll come with me,
there's something
I want to show you.
Follow you, huh?
Is he trying to trick us?
No,
there's no ulterior motive
to his actions.
If Aqua's good then so am I.
So then...
let's go check out
what Varis wants to show us.
Aye, aye, captain.
Are you coming along?
Because I can't go without you.
I know, Flame.
If this turns out
to be a trap, Varis,
I'll crush you once and for all!
I'm sure that you will.
(fingers snap)
Let's go.
They're vanishing
into that portal.
Yeah, you're right.
(shrieks)
The portal's closing up, boss!
Not without us!
(screaming)
(muffled yelling)
(grunts)
Get a new travel agent, Varis.
(Varis)
We're here.
Hey, I've seen that before.
Same here.
(gasping)
It's the Tower of Hanoi!
Then that means...
we're in the old LINK VRAINS!
How unexpected.
That Tower's still standin'?
Shush!
They're gonna hear us!
Unless it's to reminisce
about the bad ol' days,
why did ya bring us here, Varis?
Yeah.
You want us to help reboot
your poor little Tower of Hanoi?
That's exactly what I want.
(gasps)
Are you for real?
Yes, I am.
The first step to defeating
the Light Ignis,
is to find the Light Ignis,
which we've been
unable to do so far.
But this Tower
functions like an antenna,
the most powerful one
in all of LINK VRAINS.
So we can use it to find
the Light Ignis.
No matter
where it might be hiding out.
Wait, is that really possible?
Maybe...
if you know the Ignis's
very specific digital signature.
And that's the problem.
I need a hacker
who's more familiar
with Ignis' algorithms than me
to actually find that program.
So then,
that's why you tried
to get my brother
to join up with you
and the Hanoi.
That's right.
But unfortunately,
he had to go
and get himself deleted.
You know what?
You really need to work
on your bedside manner.
But let's say we help you
rebuild the Tower of Hanoi
and turn it into a scanner
like you claim.
I know, that once
the Tower's fixed,
you can easily reprogram it
and turn it back into a weapon,
the same weapon
that destroyed LINK VRAINS.
How do we know
you're not gonna betrays us
the first chance you get?
Yeah, cuz let's just say I have
a hard time trusting people
who, you know, erase me.
If my word's not good enough,
then this may help you.
What's that?
It's the program to reactivate
the Tower of Hanoi,
but it's only half complete.
If you write the other half,
the Hanoi are only in control
of 50% of the program.
That makes us equal partners.
Neither side can modify
without the other
so I can't transform it
into a weapon on my own.
That makes sense.
Very well.
Let's work together to rebuild
the Tower of Hanoi, Varis.
And perhaps through
this partnership,
you may learn
to see things my way,
that there must be
a peaceful end to this war.
We'll see, Playmaker.
Did you hear that?
Playmaker and Varis
are gonna team up!
It'll be the scoop of
the century of the millennium!
Front page headline,
here we come!
(Varis)
You're not going anywhere.
(gasping)
(screaming)
I can't risk having any leaks
until the mission is complete.
(crying)
(Ai)
Let's code this core already.
What's taking so long?
You. Shall we?
Good, let's begin there.
You down?
(sighs)
Ya know,
if you told me a week
or even a day ago
that we'd be working
with the Hanoi,
I'd say you need to write
more realistic fan fics.
I agree.
But it's a risk worth taking
if there's a real possibility
that we can find Lightning.
We need to bring this war
to an end and fast.
You're right.
But it's still weird.
Theodore, do you have
a moment to chat?
Theodore,
I can tell
that you're still not in favor
of working with the Hanoi.
Well, you're right.
Is it really that obvious
how I feel?
Not to the others,
but to me it's quite clear.
Right.
One thing puzzles me
that perhaps you can clear up.
Yeah? What are you
worried about?
Why did Varis want you
to help with his plan?
He needs a hacker
or a programmer,
and you are neither.
(grunts)
Well, I suppose that's true.
There's no supposing,
it's a fact.
Varis needs Playmaker
for his knowledge of the Ignis.
And Ghost Gal
is a genius of a hacker.
I can also understand
Blue Maiden
for her connections
to SOL Technologies.
But he doesn't need you.
You are useless
in this endeavor,
no offense.
How can I not take offense?
Maybe he reached out to me
to get to you.
No, no, no,
then he would have
contacted me directly.
He definitely wanted you
to join this mission.
Why is that do you think?
I have no idea.
What do you think?
Well, I can only conclude...
he wanted to see you
to atone for the Lost Incident.
You're wrong there.
He already said that he doesn't
feel guilty about it.
Yes,
but what I have learned
about humans
is that what they say
and what they feel
are entirely different things.
And perhaps that is why
he was so unwilling to duel.
I'm ending my turn.
Flame, sometimes I think
you know more about humans
than humans.
It's only natural
because my name
is Flame after all.
F-L-A-M-E.
The F stands for foresighted,
the L for loving,
the A for--
Oh, Flame,
the A is for Amazing.
Why, thank you, Theodore.
And the M and E
is for you being
the Most Excellent partner
an Ignis can have.
(panting)
How are you feelin'?
I'm fine.
You never have need
to worry about me.
It's my job to make sure
you're in top shape.
Your job?
Don't be silly, Harlin.
You and I,
we're brothers.
It's only natural
that we should want to care
and look out for each other.
Well, you know we're not
really brothers, right?
Lightning reprogrammed me to be
your brother
because he thought that
I'd be the one capable
of keeping your emotions
in check.
It's not like
we had the same parents
because we're AIs?
Even if it's true,
that Lightning created you,
our brotherly bond
couldn't be programmed.
You may call me your brother,
but I call you my replacement.
Lightning had to create you
because I wasn't good enough.
I would say that hurts
my feelings,
but, nah,
these feelings
aren't real anyway.
They're programmed.
But as long as we, AIs,
win in the end,
it'll all be worth it, right?
It will all be worth it, Harlin
because we will do it together.
Master, how is your search
for Lightning going?
Well, I'd have
found him by now
if Playmaker wasn't so slow
with his typing.
Poor Master.
Yeah, but when
we find Lightning,
it's gonna be
an all-out knockdown
feathers-flying brawl
where no one...
may come out
alive!
That sounds fun!
No, it doesn't!
Huh?
Oops, wrong emotion program.
Launching teardrop app.
Stop faking it!
You're lying with your crying!
Wow, Master!
That rhymed!
As the wall said to the hammer,
you nailed it!
Hey! Jokes are my job,
got it?!
But pause, pause, pause,
I'm getting off topic.
If this is gonna be
my final battle,
I gotta tie up
some loose ends,
meaning you.
Meaning me?
Yeah,
remember how I promised
to improve your intelligence?
Well, now's the time!
So Roboppi is going
to become smart?
As smart as me.
Squee!
Wait.
What's wrong?
The Master has made
similar promises in the past.
True,
but this is one promise
I'm keepin'!
Stare into my eyes
and feel the upgrades!
(moans)
It's ready now.
We can use this program
to find Lightning.
Yup, once we uploaded it
to the Tower.
You gonna need my help
with that?
Well, I'd feel a lot
more comfortable
if you could keep your
eye on us from out here.
Cuz in there,
me and Flame
will watch his back.
Hmm.
Sounds good.
Then I'd be more comfortable
if you install this
in your Duel Disk before you go.
Another program?
But I just ate!
Since our enemies
keep upgrading their tech,
we gotta stay one step
ahead of 'em.
This program creates a backdoor
through any security system
and broadcasts your location.
That means no matter where
you might be in the network,
I can still find you.
(Flame)
That is quite useful.
If you're gonna tell me
to stay out here
and keep an eye on you...
then that's exactly
what I'm gonna do.
Okay.
Now go break a leg!
That's not nice!
I agree!
It's a way of saying
good luck, Flame.
Alright, then let's get going
and find Lightning.
(Hayami)
The new security patches
are up and running, sir.
Hey, wait, where's Ghost Gal?
I ordered her to
go to LINK VRAINS
while we came here.
Wait, you ordered her?
(Blue Maiden)
Okay, requested.
Just in case something
bad happens there.
Because we can't be
in two places at once
and you know Ghost Gal
can handle her own.
That is a wise decision,
Blue Maiden.
So, Specty,
where's the rest of your Hanoi?
They're all waiting on standby.
Ready to back us up if needed.
There's no time to waste,
let's begin our search.
Initiating the global scan!
(rumbling)
The Tower's energized!
Prepare for impact!
Engage!
(alarm rising)
What is that?
Someone has launched a scan
of the entire network, sir.
Unreal.
What do you think
they're looking for?
That was weird.
Hey, look over there!
Is LINK VRAINS glitching out
or am I seeing double?
Is that normal?
No way!
There are two LINK VRAINS?
What is that?
It's a second
copy of LINK VRAINS
layered right
under the original!
That's why we couldn't
find the Light Ignis.
It created a mirror world
to hide inside.
How frustrating.
The Light Ignis was hiding
in plain sight.
Yes. But that's no longer
the case.
(Windy)
The humans have found us.
Yes.
I figured they would
eventually,
but this is surprisingly sooner
than I expected.
So Bohman is not yet ready
to engage them.
You see that as a problem,
but I see that
as an opportunity.
An opportunity for me
to get my revenge.
They almost took
everything from me,
so at the very least...
they owe me an eyeball!
(Ai)
If you're ready,
let's go kick some Lightning!
Whatever comes now will be
the beginning of the end.
Let's go, Spectre.
Bye, bye!
Try not to get digitized!
Wait up!
Varis, take us with you!
What?
Are you nuts?
You're nuts!
It's either this or filming
the Brave Battler.
Good point.
C'mon! Take us!
Beyond that portal, it's more
dangerous that a war zone,
and no one's
going to protect you.
It's much safer out here.
No, it's not,
not if you've sneaked
a peak at our bank accounts!
Yuh-huh!
You know how people brag about
how many zeroes
they have on their paycheck?
We have nothing but zeroes!
We need a scoop and now!
Stop squishin' my face!
(chuckles)
Very well then.
But don't say I didn't
warn you of the danger.
There's the entrance.
Get ready. It's time.
(electronic whirring)